Now, just as we did with our removeItem method here,
we also want to optimistically allow the user to toggle a todo item.
So, what we'll do is, we'll keep this line here.
So, we instantly dispatch toggleTodoAction.
After that, the API method we want to invoke is going to be saveTodoToggle,
parsing it the id.
And then, if there is an error,
we want to go ahead and call this.props.store.dispatch toggledTodoAction.
So we basically want to redo or undo
the toggle event that occurred parsing in the id again.
And then as always, let's just say,
"An error occurred. Try again."
So now, what should happen if we refresh our app and we toggle a todo item?
Eventually, this request will fail.
And when it does,
so there it goes, we get an error.
When it does, it's going to revert back to its previous state, and there we go.